# delayphish
This repository describe the artifact of the paper "*I can't recognize (yet): Delayed Rendering to Defeat Visual Phishing Detectors*", which is accepted by *EuroS&amp;P'26*.

# Orgnization
This repository includes five folders:
- **Dataset**: containing 32 phishing websites collected based on apwg URL and adversarial samples generated by us;
- **Detectors**: describing the visual phishing detectors used in our paper;
- **Attack**: containing attack script;
- **UserStudy**: containing the questionnaires and videos presented to participants;
- **Countermeasure**: containing a defender for mitigation.

# Contents
We first introduce the dataset folder and the phishing detectors, followed by the attack implementation, the user study design, and finally the mitigation.

## Dataset folder
We provide the 24 phishing websites used in our main experiments (See section 5.2 of the paper) in subfolder '*24_samples*', and provide the 18 phishing websites used in Extended Experiments (See Appendix B) in the subfolder '*18_samples*'. Each sample contains two subfolders: '*original*', which includes the original HTML file and the screenshot captured based on the APWG URL; and '*adversarial_samples*', which includes the adversarial screenshots generated by our attacks and the modified *index.html* file produced by our JavaScript script *PhishMe.js*.

## Detectors
We provide a *detector_baseline.md* file that explains how to implement the four visual phishing website detectors used to evaluate the effectiveness of our attacks.

## Attack
We provide our attacks script *PhishMe.js* in this folder.
## UserStudy
In the folder '*videos_10_brands*', we provide the 300 videos used in our user study to show participants the delayed webpage rendering caused by our attacks. These videos cover 10 website brands. We also provide the questionnaire that participates asked to answer in the file *Questionnaire.pdf*.


## Countermeasure
We provide the potential countermeasure against our attacks, as described in Section 7 of the paper. The '*PhishExtension*' folder contains the Chrome extension used to collect data (see Section 7.2). The countermeasure is deployed in the [PhishIntention](https://github.com/lindsey98/PhishIntention) environment, which can be found in the '*defender*' subfolder.

## Citations
```bibtex
@inproceedings{yuan2026derephish,
  title={I can't recognize (yet): Delayed Rendering to Defeat Visual Phishing Detectors},
  author={Ying Yuan and Cristiano Alex Rado and Giovanni Apruzzese and Mauro Conti and Luigi Vincenzo Mancini},
  booktitle={2026 IEEE 11th European Symposium on Security and Privacy (EuroS\&P)},
  year={2026},
  organization={IEEE}
}
```

If you have any questions, please raise a Github issue or email ying[dot]yuan[at]ore.se, giovannia[at]ru.is.